a simple way to drive more sales from
instagram and facebook you get messages
everywhere to whatsapp to even social
networks but let me ask you this how
often do you check your facebook your
messenger and even instagram direct
messages it's a pain to log into each
and every single one of those apps and
check them manually right
well that was until now
today i'm going to break down how you
can use inbox and meta business suite to
make your life so much more efficient
and before i dive into the tool i want
you to know that this video is sponsored
by meta but i would have done it anyways
as it's a great tool and feature
so a quick recap inbox in meta business
suite is a free tool that allows you to
manage your facebook messenger and
instagram messages in one place it helps
you save time respond faster to
customers and to help you drive more
business outcomes in sales you heard of
the saying that you want to respond to
leads within five minutes of them coming
out if not sooner according to harvard
business review it can drastically
impact your conversions sometimes up to
100 times
so speed is super important the same
goes with responding to your messages
that come through instagram or facebook
the quicker you respond the more likely
you are to generate sales
in essence it helps you do three things
first
you save time because you can
communicate with everyone within meta
business suite without having to switch
between apps
second you'll have happier customers no
one wants to wait days for you to
respond so the faster you respond the
happier people will be third it helps
drive more sales who doesn't want more
revenue which is probably the main
reason we use inbox in meta business
suite
but if you want those results i
recommend that you do a few things step
one you have to use filters and labels
labeling your contacts is a great way to
highlight when you are chatting with a
vip customer to easily know
where a customer is in their purchase
journey
you can also quickly filter for priority
or unread messages
step 2 set up automated responses to
save you time you can easily tailor and
save replies to common questions so you
can respond more quickly for example
with one tap you can reply your opening
hours or return policy step 3
manage customer information as will help
you close sales
you can add contact information
preferences and free form notes to keep
track of important customer details and
personalize your communications with
customers
step four drive more business outcomes
within the thread you can share products
or book appointments directly in the
message thread with your customers this
allows you to get to know them better
help them more and build a deeper
connection this will help you generate
more repeat purchases too and if your
social profiles are new you can always
turn on ads to help encourage more
communication
or you can create posts with a click to
message button or you can just set up a
chat plugin on your website which helps
as well if you want to learn more about
getting started with meta business suite
make sure you follow at meta for
business for more tips and get started
with meta business suite by downloading
the app or by going to
business.facebook.com
[Music]
you